Have studied the requirement of the test. And as instructed, have attempted to complete as much as could - limited by time. Have described the requirements as bigger picture - that can be implemented to achieve. Basically the following would be the basic structure:

A). Requirement:

	1). Search Page
	2). Search Result Listing Page
	3). Product Details with Seller Reviews
	4). Submit an inquiry

B). Database Tables required:
	(as defined in Database/Migrations)
	Product Categories
	Product
	Product Details
	Product Images
	Product Reviews
	Seller
	Seller Reviews
	Buyer Details
	Inquiry
	Emails
	Logs (Search/Query Logs, Access Logs, Inquiry Logs, Email Logs)

C). Modules Required:
	Product
	Image Processing
	Seller
	Reviews
	Buyers
	Inquiry
	Mail Queues
	Logs
	Search
	Keyword

D). Tools/Libraries:
	Image Processing
	Mail Queuing
	Logs Management
	Authentication
	SearchEngine
	UnitTesting
	Code Reviewing - (eg. SONAR)

Have used Laravel framework to quickly achieve the requirements as a small module and keeping in mind - the framework can give more robustness to extend any module to a big scale project. The project attached includes Product, Category, Seller, Reviews modules with relationships.

if we consider the requirement at a bigger scale, I may suggest different architecture. That includes multiple infrastructure options, multiple database tools, caching, queuing, etc. Either we can use an established product like Magento or can also start from scratch.

The following can be the proposed solution:

1) Application server (PHP + Magento) -- where our application resides with web server
2) DB server (mysql)-- relational db / master db to store all relations and use Ids in other dbs
3) MongoDB --  all nosql data to be stored here like different features of Listing
4) Redis / Memcache -- caching server for faster retrival when user search for Listing
5) Image server -- We store all images here with raw and thumbnails
6) Email server

- Define main categories in Mysql tables like Truck, Motorcycle, Car etc

Data Management
---------------
 - When seller of Listing saves data in Application, we took all maximum information which will help us in demostrating data for seller like USPs.
    - We store buyer and seller Basic information in Mysql
    - We store Detailed information for buyer and seller on MongoDB with reference Mysql Ids
    - Basic Listing information will be stored in Mysql
    - Detailed information of Listings along with Mysql Id will be stored in MongoDB
    - For faster retrival of data we use Caching server like Redis holding all keyword information of Listing with reference Mysql Id [we have added at time of Creating]
    - At time of Creating Listing we take maximum Images from Seller and store in separate server along with Thumbnails and Raw Images. We store just path of particular folder in Mysql
    - Can use multiple schemas for different purpose like storing additional images path, etc.
    - Can use SearchEngine tools  - like LUCENE - to enhance the search experience for the Framework we use.
    
A strong architecture with Web & App servers (NGNIX & APACHE) & proper management with Load Balancers can give better approach.